---
layout: default
title: Hack Manchester 2012
category : personal
tags : [personal]
---

On the weekend of the 27th of October 2012 I attended my first hackathon. This
was the 24 hour Hack Manchester held at the Museum of Science and Industry
(MOSI) in Manchester, UK. I was a member of a four man team called Llama Squad
(named after the Web Agency we all work for). We were each clad in brand new
T-shirts sporting a picture of a Llama and our team's name, graciously provided
by our employer.

We went to Hack Manchester with an itch, and an idea for a project to scratch
it. It wasn't the most relevant or exciting of ideas, and it didn't focus
directly one of the challenges, but I for one was willing to tolerate this if it
made people's lives easier. We decided to make a service to help us record and
produce our weekly time sheets.

### Diary

#### 3pm Saturday 27 Oct 2012

Arrived at MOSI with our team and found a table in the corner.

#### 5pm Saturday 27 Oct 2012

Started coding.

#### 7pm Saturday 27 Oct 2012

Delicious lamb hotpot.

#### 12:30am Sunday 28 Oct 2012

I slept. There was a correlation between the team member's age and the amount of
sleep they got during the 24 hours. I was the oldest and I slept 6 and a half
hours. The youngest member of our team didn't sleep at all!

#### 7am Sunday 28 Oct 2012

Woke up.

#### 8am

Bacon and egg sandwiches.

#### 12pm

Sandwiches.

#### 4pm

Keyboards down. If you're wondering why we stopped at 4pm and not 5pm is was
because the hackathon was held on the weekend the clocks went back an hour.

#### 6pm

Entry to the awards event. Llama Squad was victorious! An unexpected result. Out
of the half dozen or so challenges and categories we won the company award and a
trophy for the office.

#### 8:30 pm

I bowed out and started my long trek home.

### Conclusion

I loved every minute and I would definitely do it again. I did start to miss the
creature comforts on the second day, primarily sleep and showers. I also
suffered from severe pillow hair but I didn't mind.

The surprise for me was the fantastic venue and catering. I was expecting to
have to do regular supermarket runs and to be forced to subsist on junk food,
sugar and caffeine but I never had to leave the museum. I hope this is typical
of hackathons because I intend to do more.

<p style="text-align:center">
  <img width="50%" src="/images/llamasquad.jpg" class="img-rounded"/>
</p>
